---
title: Neer Dosa
layout: post
author: ""
categories: recipe
---

### Ingredients

1. Aged rice - *1 cup*
2. Water
3. Salt
4. Oil

### Steps

##### Batter Preparation

1. Wash rice a few times until the water runs clear.
2. Soak it in water for at least 4 hours to overnight.
3. Drain the water and rinse well if soaked for over night.
4. Add the rice to a blender jar and pour 1 cup water.
5. Blend until smooth. Transfer to a batter bowl.
6. Add salt and another 1/2 cup water.
7. Mix well and check the consistency. It has to be like thin or watery. Add more water if needed.

##### Neer Dosa

1. Heat a pan and drizzle few drops of oil. Using a kitchen tissue or a piece of onion smear the oil all over the pan. Wipe off excess oil with a kitchen tissue.
2. When the pan is hot enough, stir the batter well from the bottom.
3. Take a ladle full of batter and pour it over the tawa in a circle. Tilt the pan to spread the excess batter all over. Do not spread the batter like regular dosa batter.
4. Fill any gaps in the dosa to make it even.
5. Cover it with a lid and cook for 2 to 3 mins until the top part turns non sticky meaning it is cooked.
6. Continue to cook until you see the sides come off easily from the pan.
7. Take the dosa to a plate and allow to cool for 30 secs to a min and then fold it to a half and then to a quarter.
8. Serve neer dosa with chutney or curry.

### Tips

1. To make next dosa, repeat greasing the pan with oil and then wipe off the excess.
2. Stir the batter every time you make a fresh neer dosa as the botton part of the batter will be thick.